This article applies to Arc for
macOS
.
Boosts
are a new way to edit and remix your internet!
How to Create a Boost
While on an existing tab, you can create a Boost by:
Heading over to the
Plus (+) button
in your sidebar and select New Boost
Hitting
Command-T
and type
New Boost
into your Command Bar
Hitting the Site Control Panel on the right of the URL bar and hitting the Paintbrush icon
How to Edit a Boost
To adjust a Boost
For a page that has a Boost applied to it, click the Site Control Panel icon on the right of the URL bar
Click the > icon to the right of the name of the Boost you want to edit
The Boost editor will open, and you can adjust any settings as you did when you first created the Boost.
To Rename a Boost
On any Boosted page, click the Site Control Panel icon on the right of the URL bar
Click the > icon to the right of the name of the Boost you want to edit
Click the current Boost name with the caret icon next to it (v)
Select ‘Rename this Boost…’ or ‘Reset all Edits’
The Boost Editor
Color wheel:
drag the colored dots in different configurations to change the color of webpages
Invert lightness
(lightbulb icon): press this button to toggle “dark mode” for webpages
Advanced color controls
(slider icon): Contrast, Brightness, and Original Saturation can all be changed — move the sliders to experiment with these effects
Reset to original colors
(circle with cross mark): Restore any color changes made to the original webpage settings
Font selector
(Aa options near the middle of the editor): select among various preset font options - they will apply to all text on the webpage
Size:
change the overall size of the webpage from 90% to 150%
Case:
toggle between different capitalization settings - they will apply to all text on the webpage
Zap (lighting bolt icon):
remove parts of a website that you don’t want to see. Clicking a highlighted area when the zap button has been clicked will remove the area - use this to remove things you don’t use or find useful. after zapping, clicking the [\] icon near the bottom of the webpage afterward will restore the area
Code (bracket icon):
this button allows you to use our CSS and Javascript editors; these coding languages allow for further customization of how websites look and behave.
Disable or Deleting a Boost
To Disable a Boost
For a page that has a Boost applied to it, click the Site Control Panel icon on the right of the URL bar
Click the Boost name
Disabled Boosts will have a greyed out Paintbrush icon next to their name
To Delete a Boost
Press the Library icon (the box at the bottom left of the Sidebar)
Press the Boosts area
Right-click the Boost you’d like to delete
Press delete from the menu that appears
FAQs
Why does my Boost apply to all of my Profiles?
Currently, we don’t support applying Boosts to specific Profiles - but we’ll consider this in the future.
Can I make a Boost that applies to all websites?
Currently, we limit Boosts to apply to one domain (URL) at a time - but we’ll consider this in the future.
I zapped something and it zapped other things on other pages!
The Zap tool removes particular elements of a page, and sometimes those elements are used in multiple places across the site. If you zap something and notice it zapped other things you wanted to keep, just undo the zap! Clicking the Slash (\) icon near the bottom of the webpage afterward will restore any zapped area.
What happened to the editor you had before?
Our Legacy Boost Builder has been deprecated. Boosts created with the Legacy Builder can still be used as extensions, but can not be edited.
Can I use my Arc Theme colors in a Boost?
Grab the CSS for your theme colors here
.
Why can't I share my boosts anymore?
We've deprecated our boost sharing feature, so you will no longer be able to share boosts of any kind.