This article applies to Arc for
macOS
As we evolve to better serve your needs, Arc Notes will be phased out in the coming weeks. To ensure a smooth transition, we've designed a three-phase rollout plan that will guide you through exporting your Arc Notes to other services of your choice. Rest assured, your notes will remain intact and accessible throughout this process, giving you ample time and guidance to secure and transfer your valuable content seamlessly.
Phase 1 - March 14, 2024
New Arc Notes can still be created and edited, but we recommend you start exporting.
Use Help > Export Arc Notes from the Mac menu bar or CMD T … “Export Arc Notes” to begin the download.
You will need to export new Notes you create via the export function.
You can un-share any Shared Notes at this time.
You’ll still be able to use other document options, like Notion or Google Docs, to take notes in Arc. Go to Arc > Settings > Profiles > New documents to update your preferences.
Phase 2 - April 4, 2024
Arc Notes can be viewed but not created.
Use Help > Export Arc Notes from the Mac menu bar or CMD T … “Export Arc Notes” to begin the download.
You can still un-share any Shared Notes at this time.
Existing Notes are still viewable, but not sharable.
Phase 3 - April 18, 2024
Arc Notes must be exported to view.
Accessing any of your Notes will automatically redirect you to exporting in this phase.
Where are my notes stored?
If you archived any Arc Notes, you can find them in the Arc Library. Just hit the Library Icon in the bottom left of your sidebar or hit
Command-T and type "Library"
and go to the "Easels & Notes" section to view all your Easels and Notes.
How does exporting work?
Use Help > Export Arc Notes from the Mac menu bar or CMD T … “Export Arc Notes” to begin the download.
Once downloaded, you can open the .zip file and use the .html files of your Notes to upload them to other services.
How do I upload my notes somewhere else?
Here are resources on importing to other common services:
Notion
Confluence
Word
Obsidian
Google Docs
Upload your HTML files to Google Drive
Open the files and select "Open with Google Docs" when prompted
How can I continue to easily create notes in Arc?
Change Your Default Notes App
Use another service instead of an Arc Note via the CMD Bar.
Go to Arc > Settings > Profiles and use the dropdown under "New Documents" to select another service
Using CMD T … “New Note” will now default to the other service.