This article applies to Arc for
macOS
Organize your digital spaces efficiently by automatically directing URLs to their designated areas using Air Traffic Control.
What's Air Traffic Control?
Air Traffic Control is a feature designed to automatically direct all your links to their appropriate destinations. For instance, you can set Google Sheet links to automatically open in your Work Space, no matter where you initially click them. You can also set up a default Space for links so tabs are automatically opened in the Space of your choice, rather than in
Little Arc
.
Setting Up Link Routes
Press
Command-T
and enter "
Open Link Preferences
", or
Navigate to
Arc
>
Settings
>
Links
Click the "
Air Traffic Control
" button to access the routing panel.
Creating New Routes
Click the New Route button in the top right corner of the Air Traffic Control panel.
Choose if the URL "contains" or "is equal to" a specific link.
"
Contains
" will route URLs that include your specified text, such as directing any "spotify.com" links directly to your Music Space.
"
Is equal to
" ensures URLs match your entry exactly, useful for specific links like a weekly business report Google Doc which should always open in your Work Space.
Default Routing for Links
By default, all links opened from another desktop app open in Little Arc. You can learn more about Little Arc
here
. To change this:
Use the "
Default
" dropdown at the bottom of the Air Traffic Control panel to select a default Space.
Choose "
Most Recent Space
" to have links open in the last used Space, or keep "Little Arc" for easier management of unsorted links.
Removing a Route
To delete a route, click the minus-sign next to the route you wish to remove. Routes linked to deleted Spaces will also be removed automatically.
Suggested Routes for Optimization
Maximize your productivity by routing links to specific spaces based on their content:
Work Space
:
Route links from github.com, linear.app, notion.com, figma.com, hire.lever.co, and salesforce.com.
Personal Space
: Direct links from twitter.com, youtube.com, instagram.com, amazon.com, netflix.com, and personal banking sites to a personal space.