This article applies to Arc for
macOS
and
Windows
, but not Arc for
iOS
or Arc Search.
What is Arc Max?
Let Arc do more for you with Max, so you can do less. Boost your browsing with AI and spend time on the things that matter — on or off screen.
Arc Max is a bundle of AI-powered features that enhance Arc. You can activate the entire bundle, or choose the Max features that suit you best.
Head to Settings by using the keyboard shortcut Command-Comma on macOS or Control-Comma on Windows, then select MAX at the top of the Settings menu to turn on all or some of the Max features!
Arc Max Features
5-second Previews
macOS only
Press Shift and hover over any link to generate a summary of the webpage, without a single click.
On certain sites, this feature runs automatically and only hover is required. This includes Google, DuckDuckGo and Bing Search results, X (Twitter) links, Threads, and HackerNews.
Tidy Tab Titles
macOS only
Have your tabs automatically renamed with tidier, shorter titles when you Pin them. Turndown service for your sidebar.
You can double-click to rename manually if you ever need to 😉
Tidy Downloads
macOS only
Keep your many files more organized with smartly renamed downloads — and make them a little easier to find later.
Runs automatically on all downloads once active; no action required!
Simply click the download name to undo if you ever need to 😉
You can easily turn off Tidy Downloads by going to your Settings by using the keyboard shortcut Command-Comma on macOS, selecting MAX at the top of the settings window, and then toggling the Tidy Downloads feature to off.
ChatGPT in the Command Bar
macOS only
Add ChatGPT to your Search suggestions, or press Command-Option-G to ask any question instantly
This requires a ChatGPT account. The account must be logged in to the Profile you are using in any given Space.
Instant Links
macOS only
Press Shift and Enter after entering a web search into Command-T to instantly open the top result.
You can also search multiple queries - try experimenting with your searches.
To create a folder of tabs, we recommend using "Folder of" before your search query. For example, "Folder of the cutest cat breeds"
Tidy Tabs
Press the broomstick [🧹 ] icon to let your Sidebar organize itself whenever you have more than six Today Tabs.
Tidy Tabs only organizes Today Tabs, which appear below the + New Tab button. Your other tabs will not be affected.
Privacy
Max features require that we send data to our AI partners. For deeper details, please look at our Privacy Policy and
learn more about what we send
.
We don't have pricing plans for Arc Max at the moment! All Max features are experimental and free.
We're really hoping to learn from members if they're actually useful so please do share feedback! Help > Share Feedback in the Mac menu bar is a quick way to do so.